com/example/vido_manager_library/Adapters/FragmentPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.FragmentPagerAdapter
com/example/vido_manager_library/Interface/IClickItemAuthor.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Interface.IClickItemAuthor
com/example/vido_manager_library/Adapters/ViewPageAdapter.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.ViewPageAdapter
com/example/vido_manager_library/Interface/IClickItemBooks.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Interface.IClickItemBooks
com/example/vido_manager_library/Models/UserStu.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Models.UserStu
com/example/vido_manager_library/Models/Authors.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Models.Authors
com/example/vido_manager_library/Emtity/AccountAdminModify.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Emtity.AccountAdminModify
com/example/vido_manager_library/Models/PC.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Models.PC
com/example/vido_manager_library/Models/UserLectuters.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Models.UserLectuters
com/example/vido_manager_library/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.BuildConfig
com/example/vido_manager_library/Models/HomeHorModels.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Models.HomeHorModels
com/example/vido_manager_library/Models/UserDetailModels.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Models.UserDetailModels
com/example/vido_manager_library/Interface/ApiService.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Interface.ApiService
com/example/vido_manager_library/Models/Positions.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Models.Positions
com/example/vido_manager_library/DataBase/DB_HelperAdmin.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.DataBase.DB_HelperAdmin
com/example/vido_manager_library/Adapters/UserDetailAdapters.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.UserDetailAdapters
com/example/vido_manager_library/QRCode/Capture.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.QRCode.Capture
com/example/vido_manager_library/Interface/IClickItemBook.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Interface.IClickItemBook
com/example/vido_manager_library/Models/Categorys.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Models.Categorys
com/example/vido_manager_library/Models/Books.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Models.Books
com/example/vido_manager_library/DataBase/DB_Helper.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.DataBase.DB_Helper
com/example/vido_manager_library/Models/UserAuthor.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Models.UserAuthor
com/example/vido_manager_library/Emtity/AccountModify.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Emtity.AccountModify
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/Admin/HomeAdminFragment.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.Admin.HomeAdminFragment
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentAdminAuthorsBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentAdminAuthorsBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/Admin/AdminBookFrament.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.Admin.AdminBookFrament
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityWelcomeBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityWelcomeBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/Adapters/BooksAdapters.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.BooksAdapters
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.BooksAdapters$ViewHolder
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/Admin/AdminPositionFrament.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.Admin.AdminPositionFrament
com/example/vido_manager_library/Adapters/PCAdapter.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.PCAdapter
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.PCAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityUserDetailBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityUserDetailBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/Admin/AdminPCFrament.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.Admin.AdminPCFrament
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ItemsBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ItemsBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentHomeAdminBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentHomeAdminBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityStudentGetNewPassBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityStudentGetNewPassBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/Activities/User/UserDetailActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Activities.User.UserDetailActivity
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Activities.User.UserDetailActivity$1
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/BookItemBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.BookItemBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentAdminPcBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentAdminPcBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/Adapters/PositionAdapter.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.PositionAdapter
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.PositionAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/vido_manager_library/LogSign/LecturersLoginActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.LecturersLoginActivity
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.LecturersLoginActivity$1
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.LecturersLoginActivity$2
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.LecturersLoginActivity$3
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.LecturersLoginActivity$4
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityLecturersLoginBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityLecturersLoginBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityStudentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityStudentLoginBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityCreateQrcodeBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityCreateQrcodeBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/Adapters/BooksAdapter.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.BooksAdapter
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.BooksAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentManagerAccountBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentManagerAccountBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentAboutBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentAboutBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/LogSign/StudentForgotActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.StudentForgotActivity
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.StudentForgotActivity$1
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.StudentForgotActivity$2
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentAdminPositionsBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentAdminPositionsBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/Activities/User/BookDetailActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Activities.User.BookDetailActivity
com/example/vido_manager_library/Adapters/CategoryAdapter.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.CategoryAdapter
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.CategoryAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/User/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.User.HomeFragment
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityLecturersForgotBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityLecturersForgotBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/LogSign/StudentLoginActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.StudentLoginActivity
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.StudentLoginActivity$1
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.StudentLoginActivity$2
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.StudentLoginActivity$3
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/User/FavouriteBooksFragment.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.User.FavouriteBooksFragment
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityStudentForgotBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityStudentForgotBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/User/AboutFragment.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.User.AboutFragment
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/User/BorrowingBooksFragment.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.User.BorrowingBooksFragment
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/Admin/MethodFragment.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.Admin.MethodFragment
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentBorrowingBooksBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentBorrowingBooksBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/Activities/User/MainActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Activities.User.MainActivity
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentReturnedBooksBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentReturnedBooksBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentAdminCategoriesBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentAdminCategoriesBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/LogSign/LecturersForgotActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.LecturersForgotActivity
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.LecturersForgotActivity$1
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.LecturersForgotActivity$2
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/User/ReturnedBooksFragment.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.User.ReturnedBooksFragment
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentFavouriteBooksBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentFavouriteBooksBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/LogSign/LecturersGetNewPassActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.LecturersGetNewPassActivity
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.LecturersGetNewPassActivity$1
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/Admin/AdminCategoryFrament.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.Admin.AdminCategoryFrament
com/example/vido_manager_library/Adapters/AuthorAdapter.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.AuthorAdapter
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Adapters.AuthorAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/InformationStudentBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.InformationStudentBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/Activities/User/InformationActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Activities.User.InformationActivity
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentManagerBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentManagerBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityBookAdminDetailBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityBookAdminDetailBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/Activities/User/BookAdminDetailActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Activities.User.BookAdminDetailActivity
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentMethodBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentMethodBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentAdminBooksBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentAdminBooksBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityBookDetailBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityBookDetailBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/Admin/AdminAuthorFrament.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.Admin.AdminAuthorFrament
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/FragmentUserBorrowBookBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.FragmentUserBorrowBookBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/QRCode/CreateQRCodeActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.QRCode.CreateQRCodeActivity
 com.example.vido_manager_library.QRCode.CreateQRCodeActivity$1
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/Admin/ManagerFragment.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.Admin.ManagerFragment
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityHomeAdminBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityHomeAdminBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityInformationBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityInformationBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/FlashScreen/WelcomeActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.FlashScreen.WelcomeActivity
 com.example.vido_manager_library.FlashScreen.WelcomeActivity$1
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/User/UserBorrowBookFragment.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.User.UserBorrowBookFragment
com/example/vido_manager_library/LogSign/StudentGetNewPassActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.StudentGetNewPassActivity
 com.example.vido_manager_library.LogSign.StudentGetNewPassActivity$1
com/example/vido_manager_library/databinding/ActivityLecturersGetNewPassBinding.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.databinding.ActivityLecturersGetNewPassBinding
com/example/vido_manager_library/Activities/Admin/HomeAdminActivity.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Activities.Admin.HomeAdminActivity
com/example/vido_manager_library/Fragment/Admin/ManagerAccountFragment.java
 com.example.vido_manager_library.Fragment.Admin.ManagerAccountFragment
